Central readme (#5)
stitakis/ArchElekt: README.md

# Architectural Katas 2021 Spring - Group ArchElekt

> Welcome everybody to contribution of our first participation in the Architectural Katas 😄

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome everyone to our first participation in the Architectural Katas 😄
```
